docs: Add info about hydration caching. (#51648)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/universal.md

The server \([Node.js Express](https://expressjs.com) in this guide's example\) passes client requests for application pages to the NgUniversal `ngExpressEngine`.
Under the hood, the engine renders the app, while also providing caching and other helpful utilities.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> **NOTE**: <br />
> `provideClientHydration()` will enable caching of every HEAD and GET requests done by the [`HttpClient`](api/common/http/HttpClient) until the app becomes [stable](api/core/ApplicationRef#isStable). 

Reviewer: @JeanMeche I think it might make sense to create a new subsection (which we can later expand with additional info as needed), here is a quick draft of the content based on your PR:

```suggestion
### Caching data when using HttpClient

By default, the `provideClientHydration()` function enables the recommended set of features for the optimal performance for most of the applications. It includes the following features:

* Reconciling DOM hydration (learn more about it [here](guide/hydration)).
* [`HttpClient`](api/common/http/HttpClient) response caching while running on the server and transferring this cache to the client to avoid extra HTTP requests.

While running on the server, data caching is performed for every `HEAD` and `GET` requests done by the [`HttpClient`](api/common/http/HttpClient). After that this information is serialized and transferred to a browser as a part of the initial HTML sent from the server after server-side rendering. In a browser, [`HttpClient`](api/common/http/HttpClient) checks whether it has data in the cache and if so, reuses it instead of making a new HTTP request during initial application rendering. HttpClient stops using the cache once an application becomes [stable](api/core/ApplicationRef#isStable) while running in a browser.
```
